Here's some text....

It's from a talk that I helped my daughter write a while ago about my dad and grandma:


Early Addition and Faith in God


My grandpa liked to watch a TV show that featured a cat. This was not an ordinary cat. It appeared every morning at the doorstep of a guy named Gary and delivered a newspaper – and not an ordinary newspaper. This one was from the future; it always had the next day’s news in it. For some mysterious reason, Gary always got the newspaper 24 hours before anyone else did, giving him knowledge of the potential future. What would you do if you knew what was going to happen tomorrow? Well, Gary tried to do what he could, so that the bad things he read in the newspaper wouldn’t happen.

Back to my grandpa. After one year of college, he got a mission call to South Africa, which seemed a LONG ways away to his mom, my great-grandma. The distance between Panguitch, Utah, and South Africa wasn’t the only thing bothering her. She had a distinct impression that if her son went there on his mission, he was going to be harmed, seriously. It wasn’t just a kind of worrying; it was deeper than that. And here is where we can see what she did with her knowledge of the potential future: She let him go anyway, seriously thinking that she might never see him again. But she know that God wanted her son to go to South Africa and serve a mission, and that everything would be okay, somehow.

Once in South Africa he was surprised by how hilly it was. He was struggling to keep up with his companion on his bike. He got special permission to ride a kind of motorized bike, the first missionary to do so, as a kind of experiment. One evening a car ran into him and he flipped over its trunk. And he ended up in the hospital with pretty bad injuries, especially to his back. When the mission president called his parents to let them know what had happened, the connection was pretty bad. What my great-grandma heard at first was something along the lines that my grandpa was dead. I can’t imagine what she felt then. But luckily, they were soon able to communicate better and tell her that he was alive.

He spent a long time in the hospital, but he did get better. He was able to talk with and informally teach people there, especially one nurse, who he was able to give a Book of Mormon to. He felt that he made a difference there in the hospital. And at the end of his mission, he was able to come home to his parents, finish school, get married, etc.

President Boyd K. Packer said that “Faith, to be faith, must center around something that is not known. Faith, to be faith, must go beyond that for which there is confirming evidence. Faith, to be faith, must go into the unknown. Faith, to be faith, must walk to the edge of the light, and then a few steps into the darkness.”

I hope that we will have faith like my great-grandma and my grandpa, to do what God wants us to do, even when it looks like challenging times are ahead. I know that we will be supported and blessed for our faith in Him.
